
Bug Report


Bug ID: 1
Bug Description: User can't go back to buggy rating page from popular make page. 

Steps to Reproduce:

Navigate to Overall rating page and click on popular make.
Now, click on Buggy Rating on top of the page to goto home page.

Expected: User should be able to goto home page

Actual: User needs to click on Register button and then Buggy Rating button to goto home page 




Bug ID: 2
Bug Description: Pagination issue on overall rating page. 

Steps to Reproduce:

Navigate to Overall rating page and keep on clicking next page.

Expected: User should be able to go only till page 5 of 5

Actual: User can keep on clicking and goto more than page 50 of 5 




Bug ID: 3
Bug Description: Broken image on overall rating page. 

Steps to Reproduce:

Navigate to Overall rating page and goto Page 5.

Expected: Image of all the cars should be displayed

Actual: Image of one of the cars Lancia Ypsilon is broken




Bug ID: 4
Bug Description: Author name not recorded while voting for popular model 
Steps to Reproduce:

Login and navigate to Overall rating page, vote and validate the author column.

Expected: Author column should display the name of the person who voted

Actual: Author name is not recorded 




Bug ID: 5
Bug Description: Votes filter on overall rating page does not work 

Steps to Reproduce:

Navigate to Overall rating page, click on the votes filter.

Expected: The models should be filtered based on the high or low vote

Actual: Votes filter on overall rating page does not work




Bug ID: 6
Bug Description: Model and rank filter not working on popular make page

Steps to Reproduce:

Navigate to Popular Make page, click on the model or rank filter.

Expected: The filters should work.

Actual: Model or rank filter does not work




Bug ID: 7
Bug Description: Login, First Name and Last Name text box on register screen excepts only special characters and user is able to register

Steps to Reproduce:

Navigate to register page and enter special character in the Login, First Name and Last Name text box.

Expected: Register button should not be enabled 

Actual: Register button is enabled 

















